>> Jen Kramer: So
my solution looked like this.
So this is the, I took the history page,
I renamed it gallery.html.
I deleted the content that
was there on the page.
And replaced it.
So after the nav bar,
I added a div with a class of gallery.
The history page,
it was a div with a class of content.
So, I've just changed that class name.
And then we’ve got our H2
introducing the content.
Followed by that long list with all
the figures in it that we had before.
Blah, blah, blah.
And then it goes all way down to
the footer down here on the bottom.
So, that’s the html.
In the CSS, notably what I did
here was around line 62-63.
This had been a style that had been for
the content only before,
I added the gallery class to that, because
I wanted that same background color,
the same radius,
the same padding associated with that.
And then after that I added my
Flexbox based gallery styles.
Same kind of way that I did
before from the FlexGrid/flexbox.
Gallery layout exercise that we did
as part of the wrapup from yesterday.
So gallery UL, gallery LI,
and the gallery image.
So that's all of that
particular content there.
And then in terms of everything
else in the media queries,
I don't think I actually
did too much there.
I changed some of the layout a little
bit with the content, well, that was for
the history page.
We don't have a content class
on this particular page.
So that was pretty much it.
I kept it really super simple for
this image gallery page.
So are there any questions
on this particular exercise?
>> Jen Kramer: This is
really a notable exercise,
because this is sort of
the layout of the future.
We have grid laying out
the structure of the web page,
we have Flexbox controlling all of
these UI elements in the middle of it.
In this case,
it happened to be an image gallery.
I'm sure that you have enough imagination
to think these could have been cards
coming out of bootstrap, or they could
have been little blurbs of some kind or
another.
Some other kind of little box, a whole
bunch of them being served up on the page.
And so Flexbox is a great way to handle
those and display those on the page.
Now, you could have done that
with a nested grid as well.
You can absolutely do it with a nested
grid laying out that content as well.
The advantage that Flexbox has here is
that we can have as many of these as we
want, we don't have to worry about any
kind of repeated sorts of layouts.
And the other thing to remember is that
grid is designed to work in two dimensions
while Flexbox is designed to work in one.
If you have a whole bunch of these images,
they are essentially the same.
They have the same kind of
treatment over and over again.
And they're just wrapping
onto another line.
Then Flexbox is a perfectly
adequate way to make this work.
You don't need to go to a grid system
where we're specifying both columns and
rows to lay something out on the page.